Trying to rephrase complex sentences to make them easier to read. (#12782)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/extensions/evars.rst

   | ?[ ?@ident ]
   | ?@ident {? @%{ {+; @ident := @term } %} }

> |Coq| terms can include existential variables which represent unknown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Coq| terms can include existential variables that represent unknown
```

> subterms to eventually be replaced by actual subterms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subterms that are eventually replaced with actual subterms.
```

   | ?[ ?@ident ]
   | ?@ident {? @%{ {+; @ident := @term } %} }

|Coq| terms can include existential variables that represent unknown
subterms that are eventually replaced with actual subterms.

> Existential variables are generated in place of unsolvable implicit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existential variables are generated in place of unsolved implicit
```

Maybe "unknown" is more appropriate for this one?

Reviewer: And a similar change unsolvable->unsolved a couple lines below.

|Coq| terms can include existential variables that represent unknown
subterms that are eventually replaced with actual subterms.

Existential variables are generated in place of unsolved implicit
arguments or “_” placeholders when using commands such as ``Check`` (see
Section :ref:`requests-to-the-environment`) or when using tactics such as
:tacn:`refine`, as well as in place of unsolved instances when using
tactics such that :tacn:`eapply`. An existential
variable is defined in a context, which is the context of variables of

> the placeholder which generated the existential variable, and a type,

Reviewer: Looks good.

It's hard to read this section without finding more text to improve.  The text from "An existential variable is defined..." through the next paragraph is really poorly worded.  It probably deserves a very short example (maybe inline in the text).
If you want to fix that too, great and if not, I'll merge this as it is.

Author: “It's hard to read this section without finding more text to improve.” → I fully agree! I started on this because I noticed a typo… and then I started to understand that I should probably also rephrase a sentence that was really difficult to read, and it keeps going 😅​

To be honest, I don’t think that I’m the most relevant person to improve these sentences: if you don’t mind me to pause on this PR for now, I would prefer to. Thanks for the comments! ☺

Reviewer: I will merge shortly then.

> I don’t think that I’m the most relevant person to improve these sentence

If you're interested in improving wording or the doc in general, don't let that stop you.  It works best with a knowledgeable reviewer.  I've been slowly improving the doc over the last year even though there are many parts of Coq, some basic, that I didn't understand at the outset.

In many places it's hard to figure out what the text means.  Updating wording so it's clear is progress, even if the clear statement is not 100% correct, because the added clarity makes it possible for readers to identify the errors.

In the general case, when an existential variable :n:`?@ident` appears

> outside of its context of definition, its instance, written under the

Author: Thanks for this! I did hesitate on the “under”, but wasn’t sure.

form :n:`{ {*; @ident := @term} }` is appending to its name, indicating
form :n:`{ {*; @ident := @term} }`, is appended to its name, indicating
how the variables of its defining context are instantiated.
The variables of the context of the existential variables which are

> instantiated by themselves are not written, unless the :flag:`Printing Existential Instances` flag

Reviewer 2: Is the part about `Printing Existential Instances` still relevant? I agree that the text is a bit cryptic here. Perhaps just a "See also" is in order.

Author: It is relevant, but I agree that the place of the example is wrong: it should be in the part describing the `Printing Existential Instances` flag. I’ve just pushed a commit with the change.

Author: About the relevance:
```coq
Check (fun x y => _) 0 1. (* (fun x y : nat => ?y) 0 1 : ?T@{x:=0; y:=1} *)
Set Printing Existential Instances.
Check (fun x y => _) 0 1. (* (fun x y : nat => ?y@{x:=x; y:=y}) 0 1 : ?T@{x:=0; y:=1} *)
```

> The variables of the existential variables's context that are

Reviewer: This should be the possessive form of the singular `variable`, right?  That would be `variable's`.  The possessive of the plural `variables` is `variables'`.  Yes, it looks strange, but it is correct.

See [here](https://www.thepunctuationguide.com/apostrophe.html#:~:text=The%20general%20rule%20is%20that,ends%20in%20s%20or%20not.&text=The%20possessive%20of%20a%20plural,a%20letter%20other%20than%20s.)

> The variables of the existential variables's context that are

Author: I know this usage, yeah (although it tends to make it slightly more difficult to read for non-natives… that happen to constitute the majority of the target audience of this documentation ☹). My point of confusion is mostly due to the sentence as a whole here: there are three occurrences of the word `variable`… referring to three slightly different things! I would like to try rephrasing it. Let me try again ☺

> The variables of the existential variables's context that are

Author: I tried to rephrase the sentence in the last commit. What do you think?

> context of definition is by default written with no instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context of definition is written with no instance.
```
